with offer of soft drinks river
to cool the energy goal scream
roots plus grab natural water and rep
you happy
hello friends let's all the emotions of
sampaio belt america christmas more
a round of the Brazilian
series and despite the lack of transport
of the fans were present more
once in the stadium castelão an audience
reasonable for a great classic of the
northeastern soccer one more round
John will roll the ball for you.
start authorizing a ball referee is
rolling
I know that football then you will see the
football here to see sampaio's team
dominating with Martin I'm missing in the middle
the field of sampaio again and
lori over the goal from fernando
henrique on the left descends america
lifting in the area and max.
over the goal
then the attacker former palms came together
headers out
Let's discuss America again.
native jefferson survey nods
other branches are dreaming that glue
dangerous to see again team from america
begins the game very well there jefferson
clean throw
for another we won jumped the ball passed
close to goal
david new team of sampaio marcio diogo
there in front for willian paulista
painted the goal
Looks that although dangerous Fernando
henrique left the goal and not Paulista
got in the game
Mario Diogo and Launch the enem
paulista dominated by the hand and tried the
Our game further back comes again
tricolor william simões survey in
area the dangerous ball defenses door work
with pepper
the name on Sunday hit it straight out
arrived with everything that comes from the right
even sealed and at his request
the survey in the area Diogo
freire hanna and ike and we're back
for this second stage and for the time being 0
for sampaio 0 for natal america
but in a game valid for the gay series
discussing with us always with the
soft drinks offering river
energetic bout's and also for water
natural and rap
Look at the United States team coming.
with max
just the company rodrigo eyes
sampaio márcio Diogo came and put in
Front an hymn hit out.
look there flávio araújo talking to the
your assistant and have the cheer asked
and sold to the game maybe to change the
game only your dad coming up finished
Edgar cleaned hitting the beam
i measurement received in front account pro 16
ball is gluteus on the beam and naked eye if
new one cut to the middle and hit the
goalkeeper did not even see where the ball was hit and
louis launch in front for edgar
dominated straightened but behind painted pass
and hit the goal
O
hero is
in between
selected
a missed play by the bottom line
after the environment itself night pains
already went to the bottom line and only rolled to
I hit the unforgettable to Fernando
Henri will be in front of the sampaio a na
Front the tricolor to me again sampaio
in the area
I finished recording tim ries's left
in rebound palm fernando henrique and da
blessing father again look I was going to the police
gtony simões
the rui simões is the one who reads
is the second goal in the castelão stadium
the move was beyond all top of the line
paulista behind a
ian simões caught strong and indefensible
for fernando henrique and 2 to 0 for
joy of the thousands of tricolors in the
castellan survey in the other area
side up look the danger does not count
look at the ink roriz bullet at even corner
for america christmas lifting
rodrigo did not go outside the bar
explodes on the crossbar of the team of
america william paulista by left
is giving the father father oil in the car that does not
arrives with everything
mold through the middle passed the hero in front
painted marker steel milan beat co
hello is me
the goal forced the loop generated and left a
luxury floor series and hit the fluminense
before and indefensible for Fernando
henrique and for the joy of thousands
the tricolor fans in Castellan and
Lowe Judge made when whistle the referee
end of game 3 for the sampaio corrêa 0
for Christmas with the
offer of river
refresh the energy goal scream
volts more grab natural water and rep
you happy